Use RATELIMIT_EXCEPTION_CLASS for configuration (#247)
jsocol/django-ratelimit: docs/settings.rst

IPv6 mask for IP-based rate limit. Defaults to ``64`` (which mask the last 64 bits).
Typical end site IPv6 assignment are from /48 to /64.

``RATELIMIT_EXCEPTION_CLASS``
-----------------------------

> A class (not instantiated) or a dotted path to a class that would be called
> on ratelimit with ``block=True``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom exception class, or a dotted path to a custom exception class, that will be
raised by ratelimit when a limit is exceeded and ``block=True``.
```
